Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[epic music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[dramatic chimes]
[dramatic holiday music]
- [Announcer] If there is a name
synonymous with youth wrestling
in the state of New
Jersey it's Kace Gabriel.
the son of Olympian
Ajax Gabriel.
Kace has been on a torrid track
to outdo his champion father.
[dramatic holiday music]
This home video
footage shows it all.
[dramatic holiday music]
Refusing to begin
wrestling until age 10.
the young Gabriel has won
50 consecutive matches
in the last year and a half.
and he has accomplished
this undefeated record
without a single practice
before his first match.
Some in the rest willing
elite have been mystified.
Others. including his father
say there's no mystery.
- It's genetics.
The kid is a machine
built to win!
[groaning]
[dramatic holiday music]
- [Announcer] And win he does.
In his whirlwind
entrance to the world
of competitive grappling.
Kace Gabriel has won
two state championships.
walked red carpets
at national wrestling award
ceremonies. and even appeared
in a protein shake
commercial with his father.
[dramatic holiday music]
Also a standout football player.
Kace has terrorized
opposing quarterbacks.
breaking the league sack record
and crushing anyone in
the opponent's backfield.
With lightening quick
speed and raw. mean muscle.
Kace Gabriel is a
tackling machine
in the mode of the
Steel Curtain's best.
[dramatic holiday music]
[thoughtful music]
- Now let me tell you who
my favorite NFL player
of all time is. it's
mean Joe Greene.
First. he's mean.
I'm mean. and you have to
be mean to be in the NFL.
Second. he's strong.
I'm strong.
Third. he's fast.
I'm fast.
I also hear he's
a really nice guy.
and I'm a really nice
guy and that's cool.
But most importantly. he's
the best tackler of all time.
And I'm the best
tackler for my age.
Watch me tackle this fool.
[man grunting]
Now that's a perfect tackle.
I hit him low. I hit him hard.
Now you're gonna see
a lot more of that.
- [Announcer] Yes.
Kace Gabriel has done
a lot of tackling on
the football field.
He would surely make
mean Joe Greene proud.
But it's wrestling first
for this young man.
That fast and mean hard hitting
is even more
powerful on the mat.
What impresses his wrestling
enthusiasts the most
is that Kace's winning
formula seems to be
rooted in the mastering
of certain key moves.
The arm drag. the
front headlock.
a legal body slam. a head
smash. and a half nelson.
It's not these core moves alone
that I've made Kace Gabriel
into a champion. it's hard work.
Once Kace blasted onto
the wrestling scene
a day has not gone by
when the now 11 year old
hasn't worked out.
Some say it's Kace Gabriel's
brute physical strength
that makes him unbeatable.
Ask his father.
- The best wrestler's
a strong wrestler!
That's my son Kace!
- Yeah. oh my god.
[dramatic holiday music]
- [Announcer] So it's
genetics. key mastered moves.
working out. and
physical strength
that has led Kace Gabriel
to 50 consecutive wins.
and one would think
many more to come.
[dramatic holiday music]
But now this has
all come to an end.
[impact booms]
[mischievous music]
- I'm done with wrestling.
at least for now.
- Done with wrestling.
why is that Kace?
Because in 40 days and 40
nights. it's Christmas.
- So?
- My friend has been in
a coma for three months.
and if I make a movie
that will make him laugh
he'll come out of his coma.
- You're going to make a
movie at only 11 years old
in hopes that your friend
will come out of his coma?
- Yes. and I'm gonna
write it and direct it
and you have to help me.
[thoughtful music]
[transition sound effect]
- I'm sure it's not
the abusive language
towards your patients
that landed you in here.
- I don't know what's
wrong with this clown.
- Agent Truman. you
had something to say?
- You are a complete
mental midget.
You do not have Dr.
Reno in front of you.
- I don't?
- No you don't.
Does the fact that you are
blind also make you stupid.
- You are not Dr. Salvador Reno?
The man who has
surgically removed
that boys tongue in an
experimental procedure
to cure his autism?
- One doesn't cure autism.
It's not a disease
Warden Jeffries.
- Oh. it appears I've
made two mistakes.
- The governor made the mistake
in appointing a blind moron
the warden of this
unnecessary facility.
- I don't find your
mocking of the warden's
disability appropriate
Agent Truman.
It's rather indignant for
young woman in law enforcement.
- I am not Agent Truman.
I am Agent Sheridan.
I simply translate
Agent Truman's thoughts.
He is a genius with a 180 IQ.
I'm just his mouthpiece.
and I am a nobody.
- And I'm a psychiatrist.
and I can help you with that
narcissism Agent Truman.
- You can't help anything
because you are now a prisoner.
- Stop it. both of you.
Agent Truman. whether
you like it or not.
you still work for me.
And for you. Dr. Caroline Stone.
you are an inmate
in my hospital.
Shall we now look at some
of your indiscretions?
[wheelchair squeaks]
- Idiot.
- There you are.
Where have you been?
- Oh. I've been meeting the
doctor. I mean. people. people.
- Oh. so you've probably
met my boss. Agent Truman?
- Yes. I've had that pleasure.
He's the chief of
security. right?
- Ah yes. we're quite lucky
to have that hero here.
- Hero?
- Oh yes. come.
Agent Truman was the
FBI's top field agent.
He took down Jane Gang Green.
broke his neck with
his bare hands.
Every mass murderer he was
the head of investigation on.
but then he was tortured
by that crazy judge
who turned out to
be a serial killer.
- Mm. that's how
he lost his voice.
- No. his mother was a [beep].
- And his legs?
- A boating accident. he
was drunk at the time.
Anyway. welcome to St. Claire's
Correctional Institute.
Day one of your sentence
is officially over.
[ghostly gasping]
- What do you think?
- What were all the beeps for?
- You guys stupidly
used curse words.
- Isn't there foul
language in movies?
- Not movies for
11 year old kids.
- Like Charlie. my best friend.
the kid we made the movie for.
- I didn't script
it with curse words.
- You didn't script
it with curse words?
- You know what I mean. when
I oversaw the scripting of it.
- You oversaw the
scripting of it?
- Okay. when you oversaw
the scripting of it.
- Thank you.
- Mom. Dad.
let's get real here.
- Neither of you had anything
to do with the script.
- Yes. I was the inspiration
for this project.
[Ajax babbling]
- I think he's trying to say.
"Get lost Ronald. I was clearly
the inspiration for it."
- You were all
inspirations. okay.
You all helped in the
most valuable ways
of making this movie.
- Uh. yeah. like paying for it.
and starring in it too.
[chuckling]
- Yeah. why can't we just
congratulate this young man?
I mean. he wrote and
directed a movie.
he's not even a teenager.
You did a great job. kiddo.
- Thank you Uncle Ronald.
But guys. this isn't about me.
It's about Charlie.
In five days it's Christmas.
and when he hears this movie
he's going to wake up
from his coma. laughing.
- Kace. you did a
wonderful thing here.
- But you do know
that there's a chance
that Charlie may not wake up.
- You need to start
wrestling again. pal.
- I'll start wrestling again
after Christmas when
Charlie wakes up.
- Oh yeah? Come here!
You know what Abraham
Lincoln said don't you?
Only a fool has himself
for an attorney.
and the bearded man with
no mustache was right.
Well. what is it that
the Gabriels say?
- [Both] A wrestler
only has him on the mat!
The fool is the
guy he's pinning!
[grunting]
- Absolutely.
- That's right.
Now Kace. you need to be strong.
You need to be strong for
Charlie and for yourself. okay?
Hey. it was great sticking
around for this movie.
but I'm gonna do what I do
every year at Christmas time
either with you or without
you. usually it's with you.
- We are not going to the
Congo with you to wrestle.
- So be it.
Kace I am going to wrestle
an elephant for you.
Check it out!
And you young lady.
listen. I have hidden
in Ronald's car a whole
bunch of presents for Kace.
Now let's all huddle
it up. Gabriel-style.
Ready?
- [All] One. two
three. Merry Christmas!
[all shouting]
[Uncle Ronald groaning]
- Go. go. go!
Pin that elephant!
- Hey. you. Ronald.
take care of my babies.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Uh Kace. give Uncle
Ronald the hard drive
with the movie on
it and the copies.
- Copies?
- The DVD copies of it.
- DVDs?
- Backups.
- Listen. your dad made me
the associate
producer for a reason.
Give me the hard drive.
I'll make a copy of it.
I'll make a copy of the DVDs.
and I keep it safe
for you. buddy.
- Okay Uncle Ronald.
[Uncle Ronald laughs gutturally]
That's my boy. oh thank you.
You got it. buddy. there we go.
[Cassandra chuckles]
[jazzy piano music]
- All right. Ronald.
guard this with your life.
It's not good that we
only have one copy.
I will sis. this is
like gold in my hands.
- Thank you Ronald.
Let's hope for the
best with this one.
- It is going to be the best
Christmas ever. I tell ya.
- Wow. my whites do look whiter.
Wow. my whites do look whiter.
Wow. my white do look whiter.
- Oh my god
Wow. my whites do look whiter.
- My girlfriend doesn't know
her one and only line.
- Huh?
- Wow. my whites look
cleaner and whiter than ever.
- Wow. my whites do look whiter
and brighter and cleaner.
- Than ever.
- Than ever before.
- Perfect.
- Hey. did you get it?
- Kitty Kat. I did not
go to the interview.
- What. why not?
- Tired of doing
the dangerous work.
- Chuckles. you're up to your
frickin' eyeballs in debt.
and this house is
in foreclosure.
- Yeah. well. I decided
to become a starving
actor like you.
- Hey. that's great.
Wouldn't it be a kick if
that kid's movie is a hit.
and we get all famous
and everything because
because we get discovered
from that kid's movie?
- Big kick.
Kid wakes up on Christmas.
you and I become
incredibly rich and famous.
and we were barely
in that movie.
The great Ajax
Gabriel saw to that.
- Well. I think I
nailed my scenes.
- Oo Kitty. we gotta go.
We got a job.
- What. what we got?
- Revenge!
- You're gonna do one of
your incredible accents?
- [gasps] Oh kitty. I
believe I am. [kisses]
- You are a genius. Chucky.
[chuck laughing]
- Hey. do I need to
go change clothes?
♪ On the 12th day of Christmas
my true love gave to me ♪
♪ 12 drummers drumming
♪ 11 pipers piping
♪ 10 lords a leaping
♪ Nine ladies dancing
♪ Eight maids a milking
♪ Seven swans a swimming
♪ Six geese a laying
♪ Five golden rings
♪ Four calling birds
♪ Three french hens
♪ Two turtle doves
♪ And a partridge
in a pear tree ♪
- You want one?
- No thank you Mrs. Morrison.
[somber acoustic guitar music]
- You know Kace. Charlie
really appreciates
you coming to spend
time with him.
I know we can't say
it. but thank you.
- Cool. Mrs. Morrison.
How come these home now?
- Well. there wasn't
really much more
they could do at the hospital.
I just want him home with me.
You know you're his
best friend. right?
- He's my best friend.
- Keep talking to
him. he hears you.
I know he does.
- Okay.
Hey Charlie. how's it goin'?
So you know. how we always
talked about making a movie.
the funniest movie ever?
Well. I did it.
I made a movie. and
everybody helped because
because they believe in me.
they believe in you. Charlie.
I made this movie for you.
and it's so silly and
funny that when you hear it
you're going to wake
up from your coma.
When you hear this
movie. you will wake up.
and you will be laughing.
I know my movie will bring
you out of this coma.
It's going to be the
best Christmas ever.
[suspenseful music]
[crickets chirping]
[door creaking]
[door creeks]
- The buffoon has
gone to bed. let's go.
[door creeks]
- Wait. what are we doin'
and what's-his-face.
what's this guy's house?
- Ronald. Ajax Gabriel's
associate producer.
and idiot brother-in-law
and wrestling dope.
- Wrestling dummy.
- What?
- That's what it's
called. a wrestlin' dummy.
- Kitty Kat. sometimes I
think it's quite possible
there may be traces
of a brain in there.
- That is so because
sweet. thank you so much.
- Now. we are here
because the dummy
left the Christmas
gifts in the car.
- How do you know?
- I have my minions on it.
and your immensely cunning
and gorgeous boyfriend
has a scathingly brilliant plan
to make off with a
Gabriel's Christmas.
- Make off?
- And then some.
- [gasps] You mean steal.
- [maniacally chuckles]
I'm a mean one. Kitty Kat.
[both maniacally chuckling]
- [Kitty Kat] Bye.
you big dummy.
[Chuck kisses]
[Kitty Kat kisses]
[Chuck giggling]
- What?
- They're all gone.
- Ronald. how could you
leave the door unlocked?
All of Kace's
presents are in there.
He's gonna be so disappointed.
- The movie.
- Wait. what?
- The presents. the
movie. it's all gone.
- Yeah. but you made copies.
- Can I get a brew?
- Ronald Duncan McNulty.
tell me that you made
copies of this movie.
- Yeah. I made copies. but
I didn't make any copies.
[violin holiday music]
- You better pray that Ajax
is not on top of an elephant.
[violin holiday music]
- What's going on. Mom?
- Kace. go get ready for dinner.
- It's 2:00 in the afternoon.
- Then go get ready for a snack.
Your uncle and I are busy.
- Well. you could just say.
"Please give you uncle
and I some privacy."
- He's so polite.
such a good boy.
- Kace. now.
- You know. you raised
him so well. sis.
You know. his uncle.
I love him. you know?
- [Operator] All
circuits are busy.
Please try your
call again later.
- Damn it.
[sighs] You better
start texting.
and I'm gonna keep dialing
and we both better
start praying.
- [Operator] All
circuits are busy.
- Wow.
- Wow!
- Cool!
[giggling]
[laughs] Oo. oo. Kitty. look.
[Chuck laughing]
[Kitty coughing]
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
Kitty. Kitty.
- I wanna be cowboy.
[Chuck laughing]
- Gnomies! [laughs]
- Really. gnomies?
- Gnomies!
[both laughing]
Hey. look. video games.
- Hey. this drive should work
in our supposedly smart TV.
- Don't we need. like. controls
or somethin'. a joystick?
- Really?
[classical music]
[Kitty imitates gun shots]
[groups chattering]
[gavel banging]
- Record this sentence.
We were friends once.
You were once pillars
of the community.
Hence. the reason why
I've decided to render
the judgment here. at this
hospital that you destroyed.
instead of my courtroom.
where you made a mockery.
[Kitty laughing]
[Chuck growling]
- Oh jolly good jelly.
it's Kace's movie!
- It's our movie.
[Chuck imitates robotic beeping]
[Chuck imitates dial winding]
Ah-oo-gah!
[Kitty laughing]
- We did do a good job
in defending ourselves.
[group laughing]
- No. no. you didn't. Dr. Lemon.
Did you notice how the
prosecuting attorney
used you closing
argument verbatim as
his closing argument?
- That is not true
in your honor.
I wrote my submission first
and he's stole it from me.
- What you talkin' 'bout Willis?
[both laughing]
It takes different strokes
for different blokes.
[both laughing]
- You are amazing Chuckles.
[Chuck laughing]
[transition sound effect]
- I did take some liberties.
- You arrogant.
condescending [beep]
think that you're lawyers.
You're not!
You're doctors!
Really bad doctors
who should have had
really good lawyers!
- You're not gonna find
us guilty. are you?
- Oh you [beep] right I'm
gonna find you guilty.
- Judge. you can't!
I saved your son's life.
- You're a doctor.
That's what you're
supposed to do. doctor.
- Wait. wait. hold on Sherman.
You worked on the judge's son?
- Yes. first I shot his son.
then I saved his life.
yadda. yadda. yadda.
- Judge. I demand
that you tell us
what happened with the shootin'.
- Dynomite. you
goof ball. [laughs]
Ain't no good times for
him. though no more huh?
[both laughing]
[gasps] Now. watch
this masterpiece unfold
with a crescendo by
none other than moi.
- You speak French?
- Si.
[Kitty sighs]
[transition sound effect]
- To Dr. Rinard's credit.
it was an accident.
- And pretty funny
story. [laughing]
I gotta tell ya-
- You shooting my son
is not relevant to this case.
nor is the fact that
you saved his life.
I'll tell you what is relevant.
what you [beep] did
to this hospital!
- Well. oops. there it
is. we got a mistrial.
[laughing]
- Yeah. and. you know. this
trial didn't go correctly
'cause I didn't do it.
- I didn't do it either.
- I definitely did it.
but I loved it and
I would do it again!
- You son of a [beep].
[group shouting]
- This is the guilty
guy. right here!
- And you have been pitchin' him
on a drug-induced
coma for months now.
- And I keep telling you. I'm
completely fine with that.
[gavel bangs]
- No mistrial. no comas.
That would be too easy for
you pack of jack [beep].
You are so lucky I don't
have the right to [beep] you.
- Your honor. now I've
been researchin' that.
and I think I've
found a loophole
that you may be happy to hear.
- Judge. you have to legally
declare a mistrial here.
I shot your son even
if it was by accident.
- Oh wait. wait. judge.
judge. your honor. your honor.
I would actually like to
hear about that shooting.
It actually sounds
kind of funny.
- Actually it is a little funny.
You see. the judge's son.
he's a little strange.
- I didn't wanna say anything.
- What?
[whip cracks]
[gavel bangs]
[transition sound effect]
- And I will see to it
that more corrupt doctors
join you here as prisoners.
Together you all are going to
restore this beautiful hospital
to the once divine
institution that it was.
[gavel bangs]
- Yeah. I'm sorry guys. I'm
gonna have to with [beep].
- [Chuck] Bingo. we
have a winner. Kitty.
but what were all
the stupid beeps for?
- [sighs] Why couldn't
we call from home. Chuck?
I just want to play.
- So they can't trace the
phone call Mrs. Einstein.
- Who's Mrs. Einstein?
Chuck are you cheatin' on me?
- We were misused in that movie.
- Yeah. but we got a lot
of free food. [giggles]
- Our blinding talent
wasn't used properly.
[accordion music]
- And unlimited coffee.
- Do you want more
coffee Ms. Kitty Kat?
- Coffee? No. no.
[Kitty gasps]
And only I call
her Ms. Kitty Kat.
Ms. Kitty Kat.
- Yeah?
- I'll get you all the
coffee in Mexico you want.
- Yeah?
- Heck. I'll own Mexico.
- Hey. that's great!
- Mrs. Gabriel I presume.
Mrs. Gabriel. is this you?
Mrs. Gabriel this
is Chancellor Clout.
[both laughing]
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
[chuck imitates train on tracks]
- Ronald. we need to tell Kace!
- Oy.
- Tell me what Mom?
- Kace. honey.
sweetheart. darling.
- Mom.
- Your uncle has something
that he would like to tell you.
- Aw. buddy. pal. man. I-
- Is something the
matter with dad?
- No. no. no. no.
your father is fine.
[Cassandra groans]
The movie is missing.
- What are you talking about?
It's in Uncle Ronald's car.
- Yes. it was in
Uncle Ronald's car.
but he left the door unlocked
and all the presents were taken
including the hard drive
with the movie on it.
- It's gone. buddy.
I didn't even get a chance
to make copies of
the damn thing.
I am so sorry.
- I've been trying to
get in touch with Daddy.
- He can't come home
now. he's in the Congo.
- This is an emergency.
- I have to see Charlie.
- No. Kace. just wait!
- I'll be back. Mom.
- Uncle Ronald. please get
the movie back for Charlie.
[gentle music]
[cellphone vibrates]
- Hello? Yes. this is she.
It's some Russian guy.
Wait. no it's Irish?
It's Irish.
It's Southern guy?
Wait. oh okay.
it's a German guy.
and he's saying that
he has the film.
- What?
- He's saying he only wants
to talk to me. mein frau.
He says that if
we call the police
we'll never see the film again.
Okay. listen. we
won't call the police.
but just tell me why
are you doing this?
How can you be so cruel?
Um. listen. your
accent is just very.
[sighs] are you sure
that you're German?
Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- What the hell is going on?
- A million dollars.
a million dollars
to give us back that hard drive.
- A million dollars. Germans?
I say we give 'em the money.
A million dollars?
- Ah. it's for Kace
- We don't need to call the
police. we need to call Ajax
- Now listen. you
keep calling Ajax.
I will get the movie
back. you can trust me.
[birds chirping]
[swooshes]
♪ Joy to the world.
the Lord has come ♪
♪ Let Earth receive his king
♪ Let every one
- I just talked to
my Uncle Ronald.
and he said he was getting the
movie back form the Germans
or French. whatever they are.
They said we're not
allowed to call the cops.
but either way we're
getting this movie back.
I promise Charlie. I promise.
The Gabriel's always
pin their man.
[ghostly gasping]
- Oh. you must be
Dr. Stone. hello.
- Hello. it's like everyone
knows my name already.
- Well you're our first newbie.
and we're all goin' insane
in here with boredom.
- Well. I'm a psychiatrist.
I can actually
help you with that.
- Oh. I always thought
psychiatry was just a scam.
and that you ain't real doctors.
I think they cut half
of my scenes out.
but I am awful good. [laughs]
- Yeah. well. you're gonna
get the last word. Kitty Kat.
- I. I look good. don't I?
I do look good. don't I Chucky?
- Delicious.
Yes.
Good. we can be
there in 30 minutes.
Gracias mi amigo.
Babe. pussy cat.
love of my ingenious.
delectable. wonderful life!
- Somethin' good?
- [laughs] You have no idea.
We got ourselves a theater.
- Theater for what?
- To watch it on the big
screen with Mark Keen.
- Mark Keen. the Mark Keen?
Of Keen Entertainment.
Mark Keen?
- None other.
He agreed to watch the movie.
but he wants to see
it in his theater.
- Oh Chucky. Chuck. Chuckles.
I love it when you
do everything right.
[Chuck sighs]
You take care of everything.
- It's our movie now.
We either make a
deal with Mark Keen
or we get a million dollars
from those wrestling
neanderthals.
but either way we win!
Either way. we
move up to Mexico!
- Yes!
- Which is where again?
[Chuck laughs]
- Anywhere you want it to be.
♪ We're going up to Mexico
♪ We're movin' up to Mexico
♪ We're goin' down to Mexico
- Woohoo!
♪ We're goin'
- Oh. hold on. hold
on. senorita. vamanos.
♪ Mexico
♪ We're goin' up to Mexico
♪ We're gonna move
♪ Up to Mexico
♪ We're goin' up to Mexico
♪ We're gonna move
♪ Up to Mexico
♪ We're goin' up to Mexico
♪ We're goin' up to
[light piano holiday music]
- All right Kace. you
can have two things. two.
- Okay.
- Hey guys. can I
get you anything?
- Yes. please.
Can I pick out what I want?
- Choose as you wish.
- Thank you very much.
Can I have this?
- Why would the Germans
want this movie?
- And how did they know
it was in your car?
- I don't think he
knew it was in the car.
It was just in the
back with the presents.
- Can I have one of these?
- Did you get ahold of Ajax?
- You would know if
I got a hold of Ajax
because you wouldn't
have a head right now.
[cellphone vibrating]
[gasps] It's the Germans.
[cellphone vibrates]
- Hello?
- [Chuck] Pip. pip and all that.
it's your favorite thieves.
- Um. who is this?
This doesn't sound
like the Germans.
- Oh no. dare I say not.
Either way Mary
Poppins. don't mistake
that we do indeed have the movie
and we intend on
getting our million.
which is roughly
799.000 in pounds.
- [Kitty] Oh. you're
so talented blokey.
- Crikey. would you
kindly. shut up.
- Hold on.
- Hello?
- That's Chuck Wiener.
he played Dr. McShea
in the movie.
- No. mate!
- How do you know?
- Because he always
wanted to do an accent.
but they were so terrible
Dad wouldn't let him.
It got Chuck really mad.
- [Chuck] You don't put
somebody as powerful
as Prince Charles on hold.
I'm back Prince Charles.
I moved up to King and I
want to set off the drop off.
the where and when of it all.
- Yes. yes. of course.
the where and when pf
it all. I'm listening.
[cellphone clicking]
- We have their address.
we know it. right?
- I've got their address.
- [Chuck] There's a
very special dumpster
that I want you to
deposit the million in.
I suppose you want to know
where this dumpster is.
- Mom. take it off mute.
- Hello?
- Uh yes.
- Are you listening to me?
Take this information
down my love.
and we expect you to
adhere to it to a T.
- Tell her we want
it in dollars. not.
uh. what's it called?
- Pounds.
[jazzy holiday music]
- Chuck. Kitty. these guys!
- Hello Mark.
- Hi Mark.
- Hi. thank you. [laughs]
[Mark laughing]
- Hi. boy. do we got a
Christmas present for you.
- Well. I celebrate
Valentine's Day at Christmas.
but you've sparked my interest.
[cellphone ringing]
- Good. good.
- Uh. one second. one sec.
- Keen entertainment. how may
I direct your call. [grunts]
I'm sorry Mr. Keen
is in a meeting.
May I give him a message?
I see. well. let me connect
you with one of his partners.
Please hold.
[jazzy holiday music]
- What if they're not home?
- Then we wait.
- Wait. they specifically
said to take the money
and put it in a dumpster.
Isn't that what they said?
Take the money. put
it in a dumpster
in that office
building in Hackensack.
- So what. who cares
what they said?
We can ambush him here.
- Maybe it's not
a good idea sis.
If you'd let me handle this...
- Ronald. we are
going to do this.
We are getting this movie back
because we promised Kace.
- Okay.
Then we'll follow
the instructions.
- Don't deposit the
check until next Monday.
Everything should be okay.
Good. good. I'm glad we
could work this out. bubala.
We'll do brunch and talk
future goods and chattels.
Chao baby!
Shall we?
- You're really
good with accents.
- Gracias.
- That is really good Mexican.
[Ronald knocking]
- Nobody home. should
I leave a note?
- Leave a note!
- Welcome to St. Clair's
Correctional Institute.
Day one of your sentence
is officially over.
See ya!
- Oh thank God. I just
need to go to bed.
[splattering]
[crashing]
- Nurse had to be my
most delicate scalpel.
- Doctor. what in God's
name are you doing?
- Surgery!
[grunts]
[crashes]
- Hey. hey. hey. this is my
room now. you can't do this.
You have to leave.
- Well. then I'll leave
you alone. but first
we have to help this woman.
she's about to give birth.
And as our newest addition.
you should do the honors.
[Dr. Stone sighs]
[rock music]
- Okay. [beep] it.
[grunting]
[screaming]
Done. yes. yes. yes!
[groaning]
[Chuck sighs]
- It's magnificent.
[Chuck laughing]
- And you're saying
an 11-year-old directed it?
- Yes. yes. yes. yes.
but we're the producers
and we own it.
- That's right. we own it.
and we have the right copy.
- She means copyright.
- It's incredible.
[Chuck groans]
I'll have to have
my partner see it.
[Chucks sighs and laughs]
- Do you think his partners
are gonna love it?
- Oh. I would love
to take a look at it!
[Chuck groans]
You have an eye for
talent. Mark Keen.
My partner. Shmuel
Kleinfelder. is interested.
[chuck sighs]
I'm gonna have Gloria set
up another screening day.
Yes Mr. Keen. you
and Mr. Kleinfelder
are both available
this Thursday at noon.
That's Christmas Day.
I'll be hunting antelope
with my girlfriend and
her sister. Louise.
It's our St. Valentine's ritual.
I'm sorry Mr. Keen. I will
definitely find another date.
My people will
contact your people.
- Oh thank you.
- And we will
definitely work this out.
- Thank you. [laughs]
- Oh. I loved it.
but all these annoying
beeps made me think
my pacemaker was going off.
- Can we go home now?
I really want to play
chutes and ladders.
[Kitty giggling]
- Let's go.
- We're gonna be rich.
- Oh. yes we are.
- [Radio Host] I say you
have to work for your money.
Right form birth. no
handouts. no freebies.
form day one. why
can't Americans do it?
They do it in other countries.
the animal kingdom does it.
fish. bumblebees.
they all start working
right after they're born.
Queen bees don't
pamper their babies
with bottles and
rattles. no ma'am.
They gotta start making honey
right when they're hatched.
Wait. the Congo government
has just been overthrown.
and an American Olympic wrestler
apparently is at
the center of it.
Ajax Gabriel is headlining
a wrestling tournament
dubbed the Christmas
coup in the Congo.
which has turned
into a real coup.
After pinning several
jungle beasts.
and a few of the
Congo's best wrestlers.
the country's
dictator. Bob Smith.
challenged Gabriel
to a wrestling match.
Smith. most don't realize.
illegally immigrated
to the Congo with
1995 from Norway.
Known to be on steroids.
Smith has also been
the Congo's bodybuilding
champion since he forcibly
took control of
the nation in 2010.
Well. now he is locked in a cage
at the Congo's premier
sports stadium.
We've got play by play
from South African
sports network. BBD.
live. when this all
went down moments ago.
[suspenseful music]
- [George] What's this?
President Smith is
beckoning Ajax Gabriel.
I thought he was
congratulating him. but no.
He's taunting the American.
The president is waving a
tiger's tooth at Gabriel.
That's Congo for "let's fight!"
Well a fight. it's going to be.
President Smith has
ripped off his shirt.
He is one muscular man. almost
six feet five inches tall
and weighing 255 pounds.
Gabriel doesn't seem phased.
Well. he did just pin three
Congo national champs.
and it was rather spectacular
what he did to that giraffe.
Here comes Smith onto the mat.
I don't know what to expect.
He's a frugal man.
My God. Gabriel has immediately
hit the president
with a flying cradle!
President Smith has been
pinned it's three seconds!
It's bedlam here.
Military personnel
are rushing the mat.
The American may
have some trouble.
Gabriel is tossing Smith
to the Congo soldiers.
They might harass the American.
I don't understand. the
soldiers are handcuffing Smith.
who violently fighting them.
A whole militia has suddenly
appeared in the stadium.
Guns are pointed everywhere.
Oh. I'm out of here.
The giraffe and
rhino were one thing.
but this. this is a
real military coup!
[radio feeds back]
Lancaster. you wimp.
- [Lancaster] I
already won and Emmy.
- Eh. British Sportscasters
don't win Emmy's.
You're-
- This is George Scott
reporting live from the Congo.
President Bob Smith
is now being rushed
into an octagon mixed
martial arts cage
that abuts the wrestling mat
where he was just pinned-
- Oy vey.
- By American Olympic champ.
Ajax Gabriel.
Gabriel is following the
soldiers to the cage.
He has just been joined by
general General Gildas Ringo.
Oh. wow!
The generalist throwing a
bucket of tomato sauce on Smith.
That's the ultimate sign
of disrespect in the Congo.
The president is locked
in the octagon cage
covered in gravy.
Gabriel is high
fiving the general.
It appears-
[static interrupts broadcast]
- [Radio Host] No.
American Olympian.
Ajax Gabriel. has assisted.
maybe brainstormed
the overthrow of a
foreign dictator.
It's dark in the Congo now
after BBD sports caster.
George Scott. cut out.
No media has been able to report
from the former
communist country.
All TV. radio. and internet
access has been shut down.
- Ajax. Agent Truman.
Is that who you really are?
[light holiday music]
- Cassandra. do you got
that guy in the cage.
or do we gotta go to the bank?
- No. not without Ajax.
- Nah. he's never
gonna make it on time.
- Shh. Kace could hear you.
he's in the other room.
- Eh. he's got his
headsets on. he's fine.
You know. you're really
short change this kid.
He's really bright.
He knows what's goin' on.
He knows how important this is.
He knows the scenario
that's happening.
- Well. these thieves don't know
how important this
film is to us.
Maybe we couldn't negotiate.
- I disagree with you.
They were on the set.
They know exactly how
important this was the Kace.
- What would Ajax do?
- Well. if he gets here
on time. we'll find out.
[doorbell rings]
- [groans] Not now.
- Yeah. maybe it's him.
Maybe he got your text.
- He's not gonna ring the bell.
[door bell ringing]
[door creaks]
- Cassandra. what was
your reaction when
you heard the news?
- It was on the news?
Did you see it on the news?
[heels clicking]
- Nope.
- You know. to tell you
the truth. we're not gonna
let it ruin our Christmas
one way or the other.
- How could it not.
what about Kace?
- Kace is cool with it.
and Kace is cool with it.
then we all are.
- I see. by the way. have you
been able to talk to Ajax?
- You know. my brother
Ronald is here.
and he's not gonna
replace Ajax. of course.
but he'll do until
my husband gets home.
- If he gets home.
- You know what?
Ajax has been in skirmishes
like this before.
and he always ends up on top.
even with an animal like that.
- Am I hearing this right?
Cassandra is referring
to president Bob Smith
as a quote unquote. big animal.
- That guy is jacked.
- Communist dictator or not.
he is still a human being.
- What are you talking about?
You're not talking
about the movie.
- No. I'm not talking
I am a journalist before
I'm an actress. okay?
Listen. Ajax is your husband.
you don't seem to at least
be concerned about him.
- You know what. Kelly?
I don't have time for this.
Ajax wrestling and
elephant on Christmas Eve
is the least of my concerns.
- Wait a minute. what?
- Cassandra. you have to
see what's on the news.
- [Ronald] [grunts] Oh. so
you're a tough guy. huh?
- [Kace] Yeah. I'm
tough like my dad.
- [Ronald] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
hey. hey. big guy. hey.
you're Dad's gonna be
all right. don't worry.
- I know he is.
- [Ronald] How do you know?
- 'Cause I watch the news.
- You know. I gotta
start doin' that.
- Yeah. Dad's with General Ringo
who arranged for him to hold
the Christmas coup in Congo.
- Actually. it might be
the other way around.
- Huh?
- I just got off the phone with
the US Ambassador to Congo.
and it seems that he fled
the country on an alpaca.
[Kace chuckles]
But Daddy is okay.
He's staying with the general.
but he's still scheduled
to wrestle tomorrow night.
But I can't get through
to anyone in the Congo.
all the communication
lines are down.
I think that Ajax
is in the Congo
for more than pinning
Barnabas the Elephant.
[gentle music]
[chuck grunting]
- What do I say if
someone comes along?
- It's not in here.
- Hey. is that another accent?
- [grunts] The
money's not in here.
Let's get to the car.
- Where we goin'?
- Well. not to Mexico.
not yet anyway.
- How 'bout to Paris
'cause I always wanted
to see the pyramids.
- The pyramids aren't in Paris.
they're in that country
with. I don't know. King Tut.
- Huh?
- Cleopatra.
- Oh. that's right. Egypt.
where they got the Grand Canyon!
- [laughs] It's time to
play tag. and they're it.
[gentle music]
[banging on door]
- Open up in there!
- Yeah. open the doh.
we ain't foolin' around.
[cellphone vibrates]
- [gasps] It's him.
Hello Mr. German or Mr. English.
whoever the heck you are today.
- You think you're so smart.
I give you specific directions
to specific dumpster
at specific time.
- Yes. well we had some
interceding issues.
- [Chuck] Like your husband.
wrestling dictators.
- Listen! Ajax will tear you
apart and then I will. okay?
I know who you are.
- Cassandra. calm down.
- [Chuck] I know you know.
- How do you know I know?
- We all want
Charlie to wake up.
don't we Cassandra Gabriel?
Listen closely.
There is an office at 866
Prescott Street. Suite C.
- Well. how do I know
which one is Suite C?
- [Chuck] Because
it's marked suite C.
- On the door?
- No. on the roof.
Yes. on the door.
- Suite C?
- [sighs] Be there in exactly
23 minutes with the money.
The front door to the
office will be open.
Open the door and
put the bag of cash
immediately to the right.
Don't bring that doofus
who's with you now.
- Does he want to talk to me?
- And if I don't come?
- That's a beautiful white coat
you're wearing Ms. Gabriel.
- Oo. that is very pretty!
- Would you shut up?
- So you're watching us?
- [Chuck] [laughs] Stop
trying to find me Mrs. G.
You can't find me
because I'm everywhere.
- And right now. we're hiding
in your brother's office.
[Kitty laughing]
- Oh my God.
[Kitty continues laughing]
- Listen here. Chucky Boy!
- I'm hanging up
now. Mrs. Gabriel.
I hope to see you shortly.
You know where
and you know when.
And by the way. I notice
your son isn't with you.
[both laughing maniacally]
- Yeah!
[Kitty continues laughing]
- He still doesn't
want to talk to me?
[mischievous music]
[feet scuffling]
[light rock music]
- [Cassandra] Kace
is not picking up.
- They're not kidnappers Cass.
- How do you know?
They stole a hard drive.
That leads to kidnapping.
[cell phone dings]
[light rock music]
- Hey. what about Singapore?
I hear that's real nice.
Unless you spit chewing gum
on the ground or somethin'.
What do you think?
Chuckles. what do you think?
[light rock music]
- Call Tricia.
- If he was a Charlie's
he would have his phone.
- Wherever he is. he's
gonna have his phone.
- [Cassandra] Then
go to Charlie's.
- [Ronald] Okay.
it's here. here.
♪ Deck the halls with
boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly
♪ Fa la la la la
- Tricia!
♪ La la la la
[light holiday music]
Is Kace here?
- Yeah. he's upstairs
with Charlie.
- Oh good!
- [Kace] And he said her butt
was bigger than King Kong's.
I don't think I ever
laughed so hard.
I almost spit my soda out.
[light holiday music]
- I ain't playin'
around any more. [sighs]
- I just wanna go home.
and play with our
Christmas presents.
- What a great
idea. Ms. Kitty Kat.
- Really?
Really. I have a great idea?
- A brilliant idea.
Let's go home and play with
our Christmas presents.
- Oh. thanks Chucky.
[gentle ambient music]
- Did you ever
watch Superman. Mom?
- I watch him all the time.
- You mean Dad?
- Well. I mean Dad.
but I also mean you.
- Mom. I want you to know
that you're Superman too.
- Superman?
- Superwoman. just as strong.
- Well. maybe not
quite as strong.
- But just as good.
and just as smart.
- [sighs] I didn't get
your movie back yet.
Did you meet with
the the Wiener today?
- [groans] Yeah. well.
I think you could say
that we missed him.
- He's like a slippery hot dog.
- Yeah. with
ketchup and mustard.
- Mom. I'm not worried.
- Tomorrow is Christmas Eve.
and the very next day
Charlie will wake up.
I know everything is
going to work out well.
Kace. do you remember when
you were seven years old
and you really wanted a
spaceship for Christmas?
- I was seven. Mom.
- Yes. and when there
wasn't a real spaceship
under the Christmas
tree on Christmas day.
you were so disappointed.
Having hope. it's wonderful.
and having faith in
Charlie is admirable. but-
- I have faith in
Dad and in you too.
- So do I.
So. you'll do grandma
and grandpa's tomorrow?
- Okay. Mom.
And Dad. hear me
across the world.
Let's be the Super
family and make this
the best Christmas
ever for Charlie.
even if you could
only help by prayer.
- [News Anchor] The
Congo owes it's freedom
to General Ringo
and Ajax Gabriel.
I am told that
communication will return
to this newborn nation
by Christmas Day.
which would be a miracle.
In the meantime. might we ask
who really is Ajax Gabriel?
[cellphone vibrating]
Is he an Am-
[cell phone vibrating]
- Hello Chuck Wiener and
Kitty Kat of 1450 Route 22-
- [Chuck] Game over Cassandra.
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve.
tomorrow I get what
I want for Christmas.
and hopefully case will get
what he's asking Santa for.
- You will get your money. but
you will never. ever beat us!
- [laughs] I got hand it to
you Gabriel. you got chutzpah.
- We have faith.
- You have stupidity.
I don't think you know
how serious this is.
There's no copywriter
copies of the movie.
And it's a good movie.
my hat's off to the kid.
but it's our movie
and it's our fortune.
And one way or another.
I'm gonna get what I want.
- Why don't you just keep the
film and get it distributed?
- Because I want the money now.
It's easier. I get
it in one fell swoop.
You should appreciate that.
If I keep the movie. my fortune
awaits. yours never comes.
and when Charlie doesn't wake
up. [chuck clicks his teeth]
poor Charlie. poor Kace.
- Get to the point.
- We pay ball on your court.
Now get paper and pen
and follow my directives
with the precision of
kamikaze fighter pilot.
[suspenseful violin music]
- Cass. I know you want
the police involved.
but these Germans-
- I just think his last accent
was Haitian or something-
- I think Wiener is German.
- Well what about Kitty Kat?
- Korean. Swiss mix?
- Really. I just think
they're broke actors.
Although. they were
pretty good in the film.
- Yeah. whatever they are.
they're like one
step ahead of us.
I mean. they have
the hard drive.
They can wipe it clean
anytime they want.
This Wiener guy says
this is the last thing.
this is the last choice.
We have no chance.
we've got to do it.
- You know. I've thought a
lot about what Ajax would do.
- Well. Ajax would probably say
do the exact same thing
is what I'm sayin'
and tellin' you to do.
Just pay him. take care of it.
get back the movie.
and that's that.
- Really. you don't
think the police
should know what's happening?
- Sure. we can tell the police
and Charlie doesn't wake up.
- I don't know.
Ajax wouldn't give up.
- Ajax. Ajax. my shadow.
[sighs in exasperation]
- What are you talking about?
- You know. sis. this
is the last straw. okay?
For once I'm gonna be the hero.
I'm gettin' back this movie.
- Ronald!
Don't go.
[door creaks open]
[Cassandra sighs
in exasperation]
[door slams]
[cellphone vibrating]
[phone audio glitches]
- Ajax.
- Cassandra.
- Ajax can you hear me?
I can't really hear you.
Ajax. can you hear me?
I'm here.
Ajax.
- Cassandra.
- Oh. Ajax. I.
I really need you here.
I need my partner.
It's Kace. he's okay. but that
idiot Wiener from the movie.
he played Dr. McShea.
And my stupid Ronald. he
didn't make copies of the film.
and now Wiener and
his girlfriend.
they. they. they took the movie
and they want a million
dollars to give it back.
Ajax. I took the money from
your protein shake commercials.
and your sports gambling.
[bangs]
Ajax. are you okay?
Ajax?
[elephant trumpets]
[groans] And Kace.
he's so confident
that everything's gonna
turn out well with Charlie.
and. and this miracle
he's been talking about.
it's gonna happen.
And that Charlie's
gonna hear this movie.
and he's gonna laugh
and he's gonna wake up.
Kace has so much faith.
So it just comes down to
tonight. Christmas Eve and
they want to meet us at
our very special place.
[explosion blasts]
[guns firing]
Ajax. are you
still there. hello?
[guns firing]
[elephants trumpeting angrily]
[Kitty Kat imitating gun fire]
- You know. that was
really nice of your brother
to close the restaurant
on Christmas Eve.
You know. it's just
kind of spiritual.
- Like they do in
Afghanistan on Christmas.
- Yeah. and it was awful nice
of him to let us sleep here
after dinner last night.
'Cept the food was kind of icky.
That was not very good
Chinese food at all.
- That's because it's Ital.
We're German!
[funky holiday music]
- Ready?
- Ah. I was born ready.
- Let's do this.
["Dance of the Sugar Plum
Fairy" by Tchaikovsky]
- Are you ready?
- Ms. Kitty Kat.
I was born ready.
[both laughing]
[Kitty purrs]
- [Kitty] Oo. oh!
[funky music]
- When I spelled the word bear.
you throw the million
dollar money back.
we throw the box
with the hard drive.
- Well. why can't you
just count to five?
- Or say. "A. B. C. D. E."
- Yeah. that would be easier.
- Oh my God. shut up everyone.
It's when I spell the word bear.
- Hold on.
When she throws the hard
drive. isn't it gonna break?
- Duh. we wrapped it
all up in bubble wrap.
and we're throwin' it
on a wrestlin' mat.
- Now. I'm spelling
the word bear.
Get ready to throw the bag.
B-E-A-R.
- Wait a minute. that's
not how you spell bare.
Bare is B-A-R-E.
- It's not bare in the cupboard.
This is bear in
the woods. [growls]
- How am I supposed
to know that?
- It's just bear.
- But bare in the cupboards.
or like bear in the woods?
- Okay. fine. bare in
the cupboard. B-A-R-E!
- That is bare in the cupboard.
- [Chuck] Throw the bag.
[bag thuds]
[box thuds]
[zipper zips]
- Oowee!
That's looks like a
billion bucks to me. baby.
- What is this?
- It looks like a sandwich!
- It's a chicken salad
sandwich on a Portuguese roll.
[Kitty laughing maniacally]
- Is that R-O-L-L.
or R-O-L-E. baby?
- It's a sandwich roll.
R-O-L-L. you buffoon.
- You are not going to cross us.
We come from a wrestling family.
- Stay right there
Cassandra. don't move
or I'll blow you to smithereens.
- With what?
A canister of tennis balls?
- [laughs] This is no
ordinary can of tennis ball.
- No it ain't. missy.
- These are explosives
wrapped in tennis balls.
- Uh huh. you got
that little girl?
- And they're
aimed right at you.
- Right at you.
little flower child.
- Will you shut up.
so I can explain this?
If I take the lid off. a ball
with burst out and hit you.
And when it does. bang. and
you're nothin' but dust.
- I don't believe you.
How can an actor
think of such a bomb?
No. he's hardly an actor.
- All right. do you
know how that sounds?
It makes me sound like
I'm a crappy actor.
- No. no. I mean. you're
kinda good. pretty good.
I mean. I mean. he's not
the best. but he's decent.
- Okay. what she means is
is before I was an actor.
a great actor.
I was a special effects artist.
- Nonsense!
- No. wait. wait. no.
He was!
Ajax told me he hired
Wiener to do that.
the French kids
wrestling thingy thingy.
- You mean the diaper
dance in France?
- Yes. and I was a Marine.
- And he was in the Army
and he was in the Navy
and he was even
in the Guard Coast
- That's right. and
much more than that.
But right now. stay still.
or you'll get the hardest
tennis backhand of your life.
Now. we're taking the
money and the movie.
- Mhmm. that's right.
And we are gonna sell that
movie on the internet.
It's gonna be a one
them digital things
that you can't even
trace us down in Mexico
where we're going to be.
- You idiot.
You just narrowed it down
where we're gonna be.
Now we have to change our plans.
[screaming]
[Ajax honking]
[Ajax babbling]
[grunting]
[dramatic Spanish music]
- Freeze. you
dim-witted dumbbells!
- Yeah. freeze. freeze!
- Ronald. I got her.
Help Ajax and point
the gun at Wiener.
I don't mean weapon to help
me with this triple bozo!
- I. I thought you were
wrestling the elephant tonight?
- That elephant chickened
out. he was a socialist.
maybe even a communist.
- But you at least
helped overthrow
that Congo dictator.
right honey?
- Baby. you know
that's classified.
but maybe I'll tell
you over a cold beer
and some bacon wrapped scallops!
- Will you shut up?
- Ronald. what are you doing?
- Just put the gun down. sis.
and everything'll be fine.
- Who's the barbells
now. huh? [laughs]
- Sis. you know. there's a
million dollars in that bag.
Between that and the
black market of the movie.
I'm gonna be set for life
and I don't have to live
in your shadows any more.
This time I'm the hero. not him.
- I'll hit you with that special
spladle. Ronald. [exhales]
and then I'll souffle
you into a dirt nap!
- Not this time Ajax.
- Listen to your brother.
Put the gun down.
He's my step-brother.
- Step-brother. wait.
I always wondered
why she was so pretty.
and he was so...
- Fluffy.
- Brother.
step-brother. who cares?
Ajax. you can't win this one.
Tell your wife to
put the gun down.
Tell your wifey to give it up.
- Put it down Cassandra.
[grunting]
- Yes. a million dollars
split three ways. 250 apiece.
- That's 333.000 and change
for each of you. dumb head.
- You!
Over there!
- [Ajax] Good job. Kace.
Kace!
- Off to the shadows
of a prison cell world.
- Ronald's gun was a fake.
He took it from
my toy collection.
- No. Kace. that's a bomb!
- This is no bomb. it's
a can of tennis balls.
This goofball's no Marine or
even a special effects artist.
He was a lawyer before
he was an actor.
- Yeah. and that's why I'm gonna
[Kace raspberries]
argue my way out of this.
you little bully.
I was a great lawyer.
- Oh. and he was
a good attorney.
- Kitty.
- And he was a judge.
- Kitty Kat.
- And he's a really
good mouthpiece.
- Enough! Kitty Kat.
[sentimental music]
- [Wrestler] Squad.
let's house these fools.
[percussive music]
- [Ronald] Oh!
[grunting]
- [Cassandra] Ajax.
what's going on?
- Let's just say. we're
havin' a little justice here
tonight in the wrestling
room. Ajax-style.
And then these
clowns are gonna have
a good little ten-year
prison sojourn in the Congo.
Let's roll!
[feet pattering on mat]
- [Kitty] Hey Chuck.
is the Congo in Mexico?
[gentle piano music]
- You know. mouthpiece is not a
complimentary term for a lawyer.
[impactful booms]
- Aw!
There goes my money.
[transition sound effect]
♪ Hooray. hooray. hooray
♪ Yankee doodle went to town
♪ Ridin' on a pony
♪ Stuck a feather in his cap
♪ And he called it macaroni
♪ Yankee doodle keep it up
♪ Yankee doodle dandy
♪ I'll want to sell some candy
♪ Yankee doodle
you're my dandy ♪
♪ Yankee doodle day
♪ Yankee doodle
[Warden Jeffries chuckles]
- Yes. I've got
you now Dr. Stone.
[rock music]
[wheels rattling]
- Ope. comin' through!
Little pep in your step. hustle!
- What's going on?
- This is an emergency.
- Okay. okay.
You know I'm a psychiatrist!
[rock music]
- Well. say it.
- Yes?
Uh. oh. uh.
oh. clear!
- Clear!
[grunting]
[Dr. Lemon groans]
[beep] It's not working.
You try.
- But I've never done this.
What do I do?
Oh.
- Clear.
- Right.
[defibrillator zaps]
[Dr. Lemon coughing]
Oh. it worked!
- I'm back.
- Dr. Lemon. Dr.
Lemon are you there?
- Yes.
- Okay. look at me.
answer without thinking.
Is there a God?
- I still can't tell.
- You know what that means?
Take a shot.
[Dr. Lemon coughing]
[lively rock music]
- [exhales] Woo!
- [chuckles] So.
Dr. Stone. right?
You wanna try...
[lively rock music]
- There's my bad girl.
[clapping]
[Agent Truman babbling]
Agent Truman
I didn't know you were here.
That is a serious
invasion of my privacy.
- That's the evidence
against Dr. Stone?
A crazy patient's ramblings
during a psychiatric
appointment?
- She is not an
ordinary patient.
That is Dr. Mia Boreo.
a renowned neurosurgeon.
and also the former roommate
at the medical
school of Dr. Stone.
I assure you when she is caught.
she'll be right here
along side Dr. Stone.
- Maybe when she gets here
she'll remove the other
half of your brain.
[transition sound effect]
- Are you still the
sensei at Cobra Kow?
No mercy!
Sweep the leg!
[chuckling]
[gentle piano music]
- Kace. he just needs
a little more time.
but he heard it and I
bet he was laughing.
- Kace. do you want some
time alone with Charlie?
We can go put
desert on the table.
- Yes. please. that
would be really nice.
- Kace. you are absolutely
the most wonderful
and best friend Charlie
could ever have.
I am very proud of you.
- It was one crazy story
to get this movie back.
The bumblefoots who played
Dr. McShea and Dr. Joyner
were the ones who stole it.
But worse. my Uncle Ronald was
in on it all along with them.
I always knew he was a loser.
He's actually not
even related to me.
He's my mom's step-brother.
but turns out he was
always jealous of my dad.
Speaking of my dad.
wanna hear a secret?
Now I'm not supposed to
tell anyone this Charlie.
but you are my best friend
and loyalty is the
most important word
in the dictionary.
so I'll tell you.
My dad is in the CIA
and he orchestrated
the overthrowing of the
dictator of the Congo.
Some loser steroid
named Bob Smith.
and he turned the country
into a democracy like America.
Now. since I'm
givin' away secrets.
wanna I know my family's
secret wrestling move?
it's called the Gabriel
spladle with a soup ladle.
Now don't show anyone
this move Charlie.
This is how you do it.
After you've peeled
back the guy's forearm.
you lock his head.
Process the movie. gone.
[maniacal laughing]
- [Chuck] It's our movie now.
- [Cassandra] A million dollars
to give us back that hard drive.
No. Kace. that's a bomb!
- [Kace] Now this will
either put the guy to sleep
or wake him up-
- Uh Kace. could you get off me?
- Charlie. you woke up!
- Thank you for getting off me.
I had some of the
craziest dreams.
[Charlie muttering]
- Oh my God. oh my God.
Oh my dear God.
- It's a miracle!
It's a true Christmas miracle!
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ Hey
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[snappy music]
♪ Good tidings we bring
to you and your kin ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ Hey
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ Good tidings we bring
to you and your kin ♪
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ Hey
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[snappy music]
♪ Good tidings we bring
to you and your kin ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ Hey
["Jingle Bells"]
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ Hey
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
["Jingle Bells"]
♪ Good tidings we bring
to you and your kin ♪
♪ We wish you a
merry Christmas ♪
[upbeat holiday music]
♪ We wish you a merry Christmas
and a happy new year ♪
[uplifting holiday music]
♪ 321 days I spent the
better half of the year ♪
♪ Just holding my space
♪ I've got all the
lights hangin' up ♪
♪ You can see from the street
♪ But if you're not comin' over
you can light up my dreams ♪
♪ Every snowfall
reminds to call ♪
♪ 'Cause I know if
you're not here ♪
♪ Than it's not
Christmas at all ♪
♪ But this year all I believe
♪ You're comin' back to me
♪ I'll be your angel
♪ When snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas if
you're comin' around ♪
♪ If you're comin' around
♪ I feel like Christmas
every day of the year ♪
♪ But I can't feel
it by myself ♪
♪ Only works if you're here
♪ And a little bit of magic
♪ And a little faith
♪ Can make every storm I
sail upon just fade away ♪
♪ Now every front door
reminds me of you ♪
♪ I'll decorate it
anticipating good news ♪
♪ I got one Christmas wish
♪ Top of my Christmas list
♪ To be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas if
you're comin' around ♪
♪ If you're comin' around
♪ I don't want much
this time of year ♪
♪ I know everyone wants
to feel less alone ♪
♪ But just like putting
on a winter coat ♪
♪ You could always melt
away the bitter cold ♪
♪ I'll be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ The song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas
♪ I'll be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas if
you're comin' around ♪
♪ If you're comin' around
♪ To be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas if
you're comin' around ♪
♪ If you're comin' around
♪ I don't want much
this time of year ♪
♪ I know everyone wants
to feel less alone ♪
♪ But just like putting
on a winter coat ♪
♪ You could always melt
away the bitter cold ♪
♪ I'll be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas
♪ I'll be your angel
♪ When the snow's comin' down
♪ This song is singin'
♪ And you're here all around
♪ Small piece of heaven
♪ On up in this town
♪ It's only Christmas if
you're comin' around ♪
♪ If you're comin' around
[epic music]